3.7.0 introduces a new schema, that will support more data to be exported, and make it easier to run quries related to edges.

### Features
- Introduce new schema
  - Main table now always contains persist version.
  - Code table is unchanged.
  - Edge table has been replaced by two tables, one for outgoing edges, and one for incoming edges.
    Edge tables now contains Id of edge, id of entity it belongs to, edge type and either ToCode (for outgoing edges) or FromCode (for incoming edges)
  - Edge properties tables have been introduced, which will contain the properties on outgoing and incoming edges respectivly.
    The edge properties tables will the id of the edge they belong to, the name of the key, and the value of the property.

- Export will use custom table types
  All export of multirow data (code, edge and edge properties) will make use of custom table typed parameters.
  This is to ensure that an arbitrary amount of rows can be inserted, instead of being limited by the maximum about of parameters supported by sql (2100).


### Upgrade story
In order to upgrade to this version of the connector, if you already have a running stream using an earlier verion,
do the following for all streams using the connector:
- Disable the stream
- Upgrade the connector (ie. the nuget package)
- Reprocess the stream
- Reenable the stream

This will result in the existing tables being arhived, and new tables being created.
These tables will be empty, so everything will need to be exported anew, to populate the tables again.
If you have not reprocessed the stream, an error will be logged, providing instructions to do the upgrade.

For more detailed upgrade notes, including screenshots, see `UpgradeNotes/3.7.0/3.7.0-upgrade-notes.md`